well this one here's a 69 single cab as
you guys know up on my YouTube channel
here there's a couple of our double cabs
and I've never seen a single cab in
person I've seen a bunch of buses but
not a single cab so for me this is
something very unique
belongs to this guy 247 automotive like
a repair shop
take a quick video on the back
and I could not resist not filming this
one here is a beautiful square back or
Brasilia as they were called in Mexico
and maybe some other countries this one
is a 69 as well let's check the inside
Wow here's the skateboard
that's that's how they set up the
airbags on them Wow that's something you
don't see every day so basically the
skateboard is sitting on the floor
the tires are touching the floor Wow
and the airbags are all the way deflated
and as you can see on the other side you
can see the shell of the Beetle sitting
there on the floor
let's get up close together and look at
it
Wow
that's what
and see
you can see the airbag fulfilled were
there
that's very cool
thank you
you